this is my study instant David hotel
norfolk Square London my room pocket
area about is numbered Gee Gee
foreground eight number eight okay first
of all we've got this lovely little sum
up in the sand in here just directly
above the bed okay he knows me beds ok
TV okay this is love you yeah it's right
for brick wall that's all I've got okay
some little tiny call you out there
swear the pigeon sit at nighttime okay
pigeon sit on their coming and flapping
around my starter battles on that little
window niche there but that is my view
okay the dust you can't really see that
it's absolutely living up on that window
that's it living all over the windows so
whereas we go first here okay here we go
this is the bathroom okay doesn't it too
bad nice color lip shimmer must've
corner sink okay it's just a little
ground window I've got this rent window
is a great big hole I'm not
talking a little while to free which
were course there's probably about it 12
12 25 for angels to fly beyond or pushes
little nail
we've got holes behind all the rises you
can say that they're okay external color
peg work will bring their web room
somebody close this door s bit dark and
I got to say right for the blue eyes
thats quiet lives just about say these
are these doors are fit it flimsy and I
live here now and I can surmising
actually going to show me down okay so
looking but half I when a pint no index
and this house Shiva for paper shows
what to that is that's not great I'm
just another thing is that mattress is
absolutely collapsed on one side so when
you get in it and I actually fall out
from there now I'd say roughly where my
finger is about halfway is where the
mattress itself is just completely
nightly gone
that's pretty I'm pretty linky as I
there we go ok now this morning I woke
up I've woken up and found this which
was my lunch